24-11 : The message about the times where I felt it.
25-11 : Our first video call
	Today, I wanted to focus on something equally as important than it was scary. For a long time, while talking to each other, even calling each other, I dread the video call. 
	Déjà, I know that I am not super comfortable in video calls, even up to now. I just feel like it's awkward to look at someone in a screen while seeing yourself and having to make conversation. I tend to prefer forgetting about the physical aspect in a conversation, and for that, a normal call is perfect for me. We could just be laying in bed doing nothing and talking for hours without having to stare into each other eyes feeling too shy to say anything else.

	I knew it was important for you though and I also wanted to see you, and for the better, because I got to see that laugh / smile that made me fall.
	To this day, I would still say that it was the right choice to make it happen just before I had to leave. A way to sort of break the ice before staying on video call for a longer period. I got to see you move around, place me in the closet that I am so familiar with now and you got to see me being super shy and not daring to move around so much.
	In truth, I was mostly scared of you seeing how big I was and backing away. I also feared being too awkward and making you uncomfortable.

	I remember being so curious about your living situation. I told you many times that I was really not sure of what your living situation was as you remained vagued about it. And I was even thinking that you might be hiding that you had a child or something. And so, despite being quite shy, I was looking around as you moved, trying to figure stuff out but all I could see was my future petit wife in a cute little dress.

	I remember imagining you standing in front of a closet, being excited that it was finally hapenning. And I now wonder what did you think about that first video call? Did you think I was too awkward, were you scared as well?

26-11 : The long walks with music and me sending flowers
	This doesn't really count as a "this is it moment" because I had already fallen for you when we started this little ritual. 
	
	It felt so natural for us to just pick songs, play them and text everything we had in mind while walking. This is probably one of the things that made me realize how easy going our beginning was. I appreciated how you enjoyed me sending pictures of things I would come across, and especially flowers. Come to think of it, we fell in love during spring, and a lot of people associate that season with blooming love, parallel to nature blossoming everywhere. 
	Effortlessly, just like nature programmed it for plants, we were designed to experience these petit walksand fall for each other more after each text.

	Of course, I remember that it was during one of these walks that the "Your Body is a Wonderland" song played for us to start bonding even more, and I believe, for you to really fall for me. 

	Sometimes, I wish I would have picked some of these flowers and kept them into a book to dry. I wish I had kept tokens of our little walks so that we can think about these moments more often. For a lot of people, these would be lost in the process of falling for each other, maybe focusing too much on the result of falling. I do think that these moments are important to remember. The romance, the poésie, behind the falling matters more than the result to me because this is what made me kept wanting to message you as soon as my eyes opened.

27-11 : Ode for a bubble (How it felt falling in love with you)
	Bubble is such a simplistic childish word. I don't even like the way it sounds really "bubbbb". But despite these primary defects, for lack of a better word describing how it felt, bubble will have to do.
	Our love materializing into an unbreakable barrier between us and the rest of the world with only a small hermetic door for when one of us has to go out or to work. 
	I remember the first weeks / months talking to each other, discovering each other. And it felt like we were alone on earth. I was barely speaking to anyone else, spending all of my time talking to you. We spent sleepless night on the phone before going to work where I would continue texting you. 
	Falling in love with you felt like suddenly I had something to do, a purpose. My mind being already too busy with the thought of you that everything else was done on autpilot, without thinking about it. 
	I discovered how sweet life was, I began enjoying walking around, the wind on my skin as if it were your touch. I remember laughing a lot more, even with other people or my family. Food tasted better, music sounded clearer, the weather always sunny. After all, how could there be clouds and rain in a bubble.
	I remember comparing the situation to a movie because it really felt like it was a written story. Something already scripted, for it to be so perfect. 
	Do you remember what I told you about the movie "Your Name"? I said that the first time I saw it, it made me incredibly sad because I never felt what they are portraying. And it had a big impact on me. When we saw it after meeting each other, it did not have the same effect because I already felt what they are portraying with you. 
	Just like in movies, whatever we'll talk about, we'll agree on. Just like in movies, whatever challenge comes our way, it's erased so fast. 
	To the point where your mom even met some german guy 10 years prior to us meeting, just so that you'd be able to stay long enough when you visit me.
	I remember how clear it was to me that this was it. Her or no one. This or nothing.
	And in our bubble, life sped through so fast that we were already in Dusseldorf meeting each other. 
	

28-11 : I love the way it always feels like we're falling in love
	Today is inspired by this song that I have recently discovered. I like the sentence that is the title for today. With yesterday's text, I described to you how it felt falling in love with you and I must say that it never stopped.
	Some might say that they miss how it felt falling in love with their partner because their "magic" or "fire" is gone. But I don't think we could say the same.
	It somehow still feels like we are in our bubble, together, at home. And every moment we spend together is filled with romance. 
	What we are doing right now, writing letters to each other, preparing surprises, some might just do that the first time they see each other, and then the magic is gone. But it seems like it will be a life-long thing. I just love preparing surprises for you, picking up little surprise snacks at the groceries for you, or flowers.
	I love preparing your breakfast every morning and bringing it to you in bed.
	Our daily life is filled with romantic moments, even more romantic than what people perceive as romantic. For some it would be grand gestures like writing your name in the sky.
	For me, it's about consistantly expressing my love for you by bringing you your tea, exactly the way you like it, every morning.
	It always feels like we're falling in love because our love keeps growing, renews, and stays young. We are finding new ways to love each other and to show it. We are relentlessly expressing it. And therefore, it never feels like the fire died down. If anything, the fire is starting to burn everything around it and the pacíon only grows bigger. 
	I remember us imaging the falling with a flower, and then a field of flowers, the grounds of this prairie is quite fertile because it keeps on sprouting new flowers, and even when the first flowers fade out, just as nature intended for them to go, new stronger ones grow on that soil. 
	Funny how my greatest achievment in life had nothing to do with any skills. It simply was falling in love with you. 

30-11 : The first date!!
	What a night. You had planned everything, until the moment where we would have that spicy end!
	I'm sure most people would find it dumb, to have an "online date" like that, cooking together, even having wine and sitting down to pretend that we actually are on a date. But to me it was so romantic.
	One of the most romantic things I've ever had the chance to see or live. And again, as I will often say when describing things that we did or say, I love how it was effortless. None of us had to convince the other that it was a good idea. It just clicked.
	_ "Hey let's have a date!"
	_ "Yeah! We can prepare it on video call and have some wine"
	The idea bounced on each other and became such a complete romantic experience. 
	I love how we opened up even more during that night, with you telling me about what happened in 2016. You let me in your petit heart, and I remember thinking to myself that night that all I want is to help you, protect you, cherish you. And we were not even really together despite being already dangerously close. 
	Looking closely at how things are nowadays, we still have that kind of dates quite often. I would cook pasta for you, pizza for me and we would have it together in our petit room. But I'm always taken back to that first date whenever we go to a restaurant. 
	For example, I remember our date in 3 brasseurs, where we seemed to have been the only couple who's enjoying their time. We were talking a lot, laughing, just like that first night together.
	Funily enough, that first date was also the day we had our first sexual experience together and despite feeling quite shy about it at first, it, again, felt so natural and effortless. After the few first minutes lost in my overthinking process "what are we doing?... Is it not cringe what I'm saying?... Will she like if I say this?..." I just abandonned myself to the moment, and if I remember correctly, it also was the night when I told you "I love you" for the first time during that sexual experience. 

	I'd like to discuss about this first date with you today whenever we are on the phone, I'm curious to know what your recollection of the even is and if there are hidden details to remember. I want to keep this memory as full and intact as possible to cherish it forever.

29-11 : Let's go back! (Our trip to Italy)

	While I tend to forget a lot of days in my life, this one will always be in my memory. Very early morning for me, you allowed me to ask you to be my girlfriend.
	
	Now, of course, this was merely a formality as we were already pretty much acting the part for the better part of the weeks prior to that. But it remains an important step.
	An officialisation of our falling for each other.

	Funnily enough, on that day, I -or we- was leaving for Italy. With you in my pocket, we discovered the creepy crib and Napoli's dirty streets.
	Traveling this way with you gave me a preview of what it would be like to travel together physically. I discovered that we were quite similar when traveling. 
	We don't necessarily need to be outside 24/7 to feel like the trip was worth it. There was actually this day were we didn't go out at all... I wonder what happened that day... 
	
	I also enjoyed our long walks through Napoli, even if you were not able to always be in pocket tazi mode because of my battery or sometimes lack of network, or simply the time difference.
	It's quite incredible the way it feels like we were there together, merely because we were always on the phone, or texting. 
	I sometimes stop and think about the fact that, even before we met, we were already inseparable. 
	We just didn't want to spend time apart, and therefore, we were always in contact. I really like that about us, how we are a package deal, never one without the other. 
	Two sides of the same coin. I'm sure we will always be like that, until we're too old to even move two feet away from each other.

	I would love to go back to Italy with you, not necessarily Napoli but maybe country side and Rome because you'd like to visit artsy things there. 
	I would love for us to walk around together there, discovering the landscape the same way we did on our first trip there. 
	I know it's not easy for you to walk for a long time sometimes and you don't necessarily enjoy doing so, but if you let go of the fact that you're walking, I can tell you that it's quite enjoyable. 
	
	I think on that trip, I realized that I loved walking a lot. I remember even mentionning to you that it would be fun to walk every day during a vacation going from point A to B just walking.
	Although it sounds like a crazy plan, I still believe it would be fun and quite the experience. If one day you're down to do that, let me know petit wife!
	






01-12 : Et pourquoi pas? 
	J'ai décidé d'écrire en français. Et je sais que tu vas me dire "Mais, mon amour, tu aurais pu écrire en français tous les jours en fait!!". J'ai cependant envie que cela reste spécial dans ce petit projet que j'ai pour toi. C'est parfois plus facile d'écrire en français, parfois en anglais. Alors tu auras d'autres jours en français, ne t'inquiète pas.

02-12 : Your intelligence

03-12 : Your laugh
	
04-12 : Your sweetness

05-12 : Your vulnerability

06-12 : My soul mate

07-12 : Our first day officially being together
	The excitment, the waiting, involving your family as well.


08-12 : The first weeks
09-12 : Apple Picking
10-12 : Staring into Didier's eyes
11-12 : 
12-12 : 
13-12 : Colmar
14-12 : The proposal

15-12 : Welcoming Lily belle
16-12 : All the times you fell asleep with your petit phone in your hands
17-12 : Ode for a bubble.2 (text about the time spent in the ph)
18-12
19-12 : My first birthday together
21-12 : Our wedding day

22-12 : How sweet is it? (Ode to our simple, habit filled life)
	Some say routine is a silent killer for couple. Some say, you should try to avoid doing the same things everyday.
	If we take their point of view, they might imagine that a life such as ours is too simple. Maybe they imagine that there is no thrill, that we might like what they like to label as "new experiences". "On their side", it is clear that they are seaking something we're not after. 
	And I think there lies the key to the mystery of how sweet our life is. 
	For whatever they might feel when they are in a party, with random strangers, having drugs, alcohol or hooking up with std filled weirdos, simply pales in comparison to what I feel when I see your smile when I wake you up with kisses. 
	They might feel excitment, fun, maybe some tingling in their stomachs but have they ever felt this rush, this sensation starting from your feet all the way to your neck. Remember when we would drive and suddenly we feel our organs when the road is in this specific curve? The feeling resembles this one, at least physically. Emotionally, it translates to this urge, this sudden duty. This smile must stay on. No matter what. As if an addict had to protect the precious stash that will keep providing him with that sensation.
	Therefore, these people might be seaking that tingling, that fun, to compensate for what we already have - the real thing. Much like foreigners going to the grocery store and buying "Bonne Maman" confiture when we already know what Papy's tastes like. They can keep running after what they think they need. But we know better.
23-12
24-12 : Christmas Special ( Add a little tree ) PH side
	How it was there with your family at Christmas
25-12 : Christmas Special AGAIN FR side
	How it was here with my family at Christmas.
26-12
27-12
28-12

29-12
20-12
31-12
01-01
02-01
03-01
04-01


